okay guys welcome back I have taking our
sweet potatoes out of the oven and I
peeled them it's the best to do that
while they're hot you can see they're
still steaming and the easiest way to do
that is just to use a towel something
that you can wash but just hold on to
that hot potato with the towel and just
kind of use the towel to peel it and you
can see that I got all the peel off of
there except for that little bitty piece
right there and it'll come off right now
and I'm gonna add these right to my food
processor just like that right down
inside every little bit of it I'm gonna
add just a little bit of cinnamon to it
just just a - okay I'm also gonna add
some black pepper just a couple little
squeezes there and then a little bit of
salt okay
and I have the heavy whipping cream here
is that one I want to make them making a
puree and so I'm gonna need it but I'm
gonna get this blended up okay and the
barbecue sauce now let me tell you the
barbecue sauce is smelling great but I'm
gonna start this on a pulse
okay and if you have some chunks in
there may not be quite all the way some
of some but sometimes the potatoes are a
little bit hard to get finished we're
gonna add about a quarter cup of heavy
whipping cream right to the puree and
turn it on
now
I'm gonna have the rest of my quarter
cup right here
and we basically have sweet potato max
perfect okay now what I'm going to do is
I'm going to come the oven look at that
let me show you guys what's happening
here
these babies are done you're gonna have
some fat release out of those so you can
see around the edge some of the fat has
come out but those are beautiful now I'm
gonna grab my brush the first thing I'm
gonna do here let's take some of this
sauce before I ever get it on a plate
I'll take some of this sauce and just
just love on it just a little bit just
enough to get some good flavor going cuz
we're add some more of the plate as well
we just want to get some love going on
the top of these mmm smells so good
vinegar that good molasses those look
beautiful okay now what I'm gonna do is
grab me a plate out of here show you
guys what this looks like we get rid of
okay we'll take our puree and get it
okay we'll take our sweet potatoes get
them out of there get the plate out you
don't need that and put it in the sink
while I'm back here I'm gonna grab a
spoon so get our plate here set we'll
take our sweet potato puree and I'm
gonna add it right to the middle of this
plate just so I have a nice base to put
my meatloaf on nice amount of sweet
potato puree on our plate
set that aside then what I'm gonna do
here is take my brush and I'm just gonna
be playful just paint me a nice little
stripe on both sides okay just being
playful okay you can get a little bit
more on there just make it look cool
we're still gonna add some more sauce
okay then we'll grab our meatloaf here
look at this just wiggle it just a
little bit and it comes right up out of
there
check it out and I'm gonna add it right
to my painted wine just a little wiggle
just to release it add it right to the
painted line perfect look at that then
what we'll do let's bring our sauce back
call your family and tell them it's
dinnertime right there look at that that
is muffin meatloaf the sweet potato
puree homemade barbecue sauce that's
made with love